{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green46\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;
\red21\green163\blue221;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18039\c23922\c28627;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c30980\c30980\c30980;
\cssrgb\c784\c70196\c89412;}
{\info
{\author Dirk Kalmbach}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Annotating Your Work\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 Before we get too far into UI designs, we should talk about an important skill you should have when evaluating and presenting your designs, which you will use as part of the exercises in this lesson - annotating your work!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u55357 \u56570  
\f2 https://youtu.be/
\f1 5
\f2 r
\f1 7
\f2 ywJud
\f1 8
\f2 XI
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 Annotating your work can be incredibly helpful when you can\'92t always be in the room to explain your designs, or even if you want to be able to come back to remember why you made certain decisions. Without these notes, key stakeholders may not get on board with your design.\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb3 Annotations should be brief, highlight your designs, and focus on user impact. Arrows, lines and circled numbers can help organize and direct your notes.\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb3 In the video, we used {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gallery.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 Google Gallery}} for annotations. Once you have selected the design you want to work with, you can use the \'93Highlight Area\'94 tool to easily associate your notes to sections of the design. As an alternative option, you can use the 
\i \cf4 \cb3 Figma Comments feature
\i0 \cf4 \cb3  to annotate your designs from the original design File or Prototype. Anyone can add and respond to Comments including Viewers.\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb3 Learn more about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://help.figma.com/article/44-comments"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 Annotating with Comments in Figma}}.}